NAME
    gcloud config - view and edit Cloud SDK properties

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud config GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    The gcloud config command group lets you set, view and unset properties
    used by Cloud SDK.

    A configuration is a set of properties that govern the behavior of gcloud
    and other Cloud SDK tools. The initial default configuration is set when
    gcloud init is run. You can create additional named configurations using
    gcloud init or gcloud config configurations create.

    To switch between configurations, use gcloud config configurations
    activate.

    gcloud supports several flags that have the same effect as properties in a
    configuration (for example, gcloud supports both the --project flag and
    project property). Properties differ from flags in that flags affect
    command behavior on a per-invocation basis. Properties allow you to
    maintain the same settings across command executions.

    For more information on configurations, see gcloud topic configurations.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --configuration,
    --flatten, --format, --help, --log-http, --project, --quiet, --trace-token,
    --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     configurations
        Manage the set of gcloud named configurations.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     get-value
        Print the value of a Cloud SDK property.

     list
        View Cloud SDK properties.

     set
        Set a Cloud SDK property.

     unset
        Unset a Cloud SDK property.

AVAILABLE PROPERTIES
     core
         account
            The account gcloud should use for authentication. You can run
            gcloud auth list to see the accounts you currently have available.

         custom_ca_certs_file
            Absolute path to a custom CA cert file.

         default_regional_backend_service
            If True, backend services in gcloud compute backend-services will
            be regional by default. The --global flag will be required for
            global backend services.

         disable_color
            If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the
            terminal.

         disable_prompts
            If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts.
            For any prompts that require user input, an error will be raised.
            This is the equivalent of using the global --quiet flag.

         disable_usage_reporting
            If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected.
            This is value is set based on your choices during installation, but
            can be changed at any time. For more information, see:
            https://cloud.google.com/sdk/usage-statistics

         log_http
            If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. You may need
            to adjust your verbosity setting if you want to see in the
            terminal, otherwise it is available in the log files.

         max_log_days
            Maximum number of days to retain log files before deleting. If set
            to 0, turns off log garbage collection and does not delete log
            files. If unset, defaults to 30.

         pass_credentials_to_gsutil
            If True, pass the configured Cloud SDK authentication to gsutil.

         project
            The project id of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by
            default. This can be overridden by using the global --project flag.

         show_structured_logs
            Controls when JSON structured log messages for the current
            verbosity and above will be written to standard error. The default
            is text format when disabled. Valid values are: never - Log
            messages as text, always - Always log messages as JSON, log - Only
            log messages as JSON if stderr is a file, terminal - Only log
            messages as JSON if stderr is a terminal. If unset default is
            never.

         trace_token
            Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
            issues. This token will be provided by Google support.

         user_output_enabled
            If False, messages to the user and command output on both standard
            output and standard error will be suppressed.

         verbosity
            The default logging verbosity for gcloud commands. This is the
            equivalent of using the global --verbosity flag.

     app
         cloud_build_timeout
            The timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete
            during deployments. All Docker builds now use the Container Builder
            API.

         promote_by_default
            If True, when deploying a new version of a service, that version
            will be promoted to receive all traffic for the service. The flag
            can be overridden via the --promote-by-default or
            --no-promote-by-default flags.

         stop_previous_version
            If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously
            deployed version is stopped. If False, older versions must be
            stopped manually.

     auth
         disable_credentials
            If true, gcloud will not attempt to load any credentials or
            authenticate any requests. This is useful if you are behind a proxy
            that adds authentication to your requests.

     component_manager
         additional_repositories
            A comma separated list of additional repositories to check for
            components. This property is automatically managed by the gcloud
            components repositories commands.

         disable_update_check
            If True, the Cloud SDK will not automatically check for updates.

     compute
         region
            The default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine
            resources. When a --region flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices,
            run gcloud compute regions list.

         zone
            The default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine
            resources. When a --zone flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices,
            run gcloud compute zones list.

     container
         build_timeout
            The timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.

         cluster
            The name of the cluster to use by default when working with
            Container Engine.

         use_application_default_credentials
            Use application default credentials to authenticate to the cluster
            API server.

         use_client_certificate
            Use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to the cluster
            API server.

     dataproc
         region
            Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc
            region constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
            deploying instances into Google Compute Engine zones inside the
            region. The default value of "global" is a special multi-region
            namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Google
            Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud
            Dataproc regions.

     functions
         region
            The default region to use when working with Google Compute
            functions resources. When a --region flag is required but not
            provided, the command will fall back to this value, if set. To see
            valid choices, run gcloud functions regions list.

     ml_engine
         polling_interval
            The interval (in seconds) at which to poll logs from your Cloud ML
            Engine jobs. Note that making it much faster than the default (60)
            will quickly use all of your quota.

     proxy
         address
            The hostname or IP address of your proxy server.

         password
            If your proxy requires authentication, the password to use when
            connecting.

         port
            The port to use when connected to your proxy server.

         type
            The type of proxy you are using. Supported proxy types are: [http,
            http_no_tunnel, socks4, socks5].

         username
            If your proxy requires authentication, the username to use when
            connecting.

     spanner
         instance
            The default instance to use when working with Cloud Spanner
            resources. When an instance is required but not provided by a flag,
            the command will fall back to this value, if set.
